enhanced documentation on adyen deployment on cloud infrastructure (#490)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: extension/docs/WebComponentsIntegrationGuide.md

- [Step 6](#step-6-capture-payment-required-for-klarna): Add an optional `Charge` transaction to commercetools payment in order to manually capture the payment.

## Before you begin

> In order to make the extension module up and running, follow our [deployment guide](docs/HowToRun.md). For the sake of readability,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the extension module up and running, follow our [how to run guide](docs/HowToRun.md). For the sake of readability,
```

Author: 794295beb59939654119977d146e51ab356019a4
